Add marker-based pagination for getting users (#454)
box/box-node-sdk: docs/enterprise.md

Get a list of users in the current enterprise by calling the
[`enterprise.getUsers(options, callback)`](http://opensource.box.com/box-node-sdk/jsdoc/Enterprise.html#getUsers)

> method. This method supports offset-based pagination and marker-based pagintation. To use offset-based pagination, do not pass in the `usemarker` parameter or set it to `false`. To use marker-based pagination, pass in the `usemarker` parameter as `true`. Use the `fields` option to specify the desired fields, and `limit` and (`offset` or `marker`) to control result set paging. Requesting information for only the fields you need can improve performance and reduce the size of the network request. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method. This method supports offset-based pagination and marker-based pagintation. To use offset-based pagination, do not pass in the `usemarker` parameter or set it to `false`. To use marker-based pagination, pass in the `usemarker` parameter as `true`. Use the `fields` option to specify the desired response fields, and `limit` (along with `offset` or `marker`) to control result set paging. Requesting information for only the fields you need can improve performance by reducing the size of the network response.
```
